ISPN-12048 Improve Cross-Site statistics (#9264)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_jmx_xsite_components.adoc

* `XSiteAdmin` exposes cross-site operations that apply to specific cache instances.
* `StateTransferManager` provides statistics for state transfer operations.

> * `RpcManager` provides statistics for cross-site requests.

Reviewer: Maybe it's the context but "requests" seems a little vague to me. I'm not sure but I feel like we should expand this a little more or s/requests/operations because "operations" is more general usage.

A second thing here is maybe we should always say "cross-site replication" or "cross-site backups" instead of "cross-site" on its own. It's a specific feature/component so should be consistent and clear that's what we're talking about.

Author: requests here mean the network messages, i.e. the number of requests sent (and response times) and the number of requests received. Not sure if there are a better word for that but I can use "operations" instead.

Reviewer: Yeah, in that case "requests" does makes more sense than "operations". How about "provides statistics about network requests for cross-site replication."

Author: sounds good :)

> * `AsyncXSiteStatistics` provides statistics for asynchronous cross-site replication,
> like the queue size and number of conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AsyncXSiteStatistics` provides statistics for asynchronous cross-site replication, including queue size and number of conflicts.
```
